If everything ended in i wish then u already lost her 

-faceless 

 

When ever i see burka girl with specs i remember you u thought me to respect women,i didn’t forget did you 

I wish, i can change my past,let me tell you its good to go on – nft pending 

You are a book, which is forbidden for me. still i want to read it, will i be able to do it so ?, i don't want be a part. but rest of your story ?  

Iwhy we can live together # because .. i cant bare the pain of sepration[31/08, 1:45 pm] sam lion: $ why i cannot be ur begning#because end is written in my hands[31/08, 1:48 pm] sam lion: &: never leave some one who was there in ur pain because everyone stays in ur happiness not in pain$: yes i was and will be yours#: if i will be with u will be in pain at end[31/08, 1:53 pm] sam lion: &: she accepted to marry me , i know she still loves you , i know u too#: u will never understand i want her to be happy , "so i love her enough to let her go"[31/08, 1:54 pm] sam lion: guys these are few important lines from my book it is going to complete soon only one page is left i never got this much sentimental woh that was heart breaking story[31/08, 1:56 pm] sam lion: i will not release it soon due to its based on true story someone special who is watching this will get hurt[31/08, 1:56  

Its not about destination its about journey 

I wish i wasn't immortal rather she was or i saved her that night 

If caught cold i cant feel it because u are damn hot 

When ever i am not near you hold your hand and think i am holding it 

 some one pick ur fallen eye lash hair and ask you to make a wish u should wish for them, they care for you, even a hair  

Love is when u love her enough to let her go........ 

She was just a line in my story untill i realised i was her story 

Only broken heart can feel another 

Me : what does ur god wants from u                                him:peace and hormony.         Me : then why u hurt them 

Him: what do u want?                Her: your happiness.               Him: Then leave me alone.        Her: will it make u happy ?      Him: yes.                                        Him: wait !                                   Bot: u cant reply to this conversation.                               Him: no ....n.. ..... ....                           

Even when i drink water it feels like rum ,tera nasha bouhat chad chuka 

Kanadi munadi yena di nikura kan ah dan vachu nenja dan vikura 

There is a way still u are afraid of trying it,try now thank me later 

When is the last time u saw moon ? Just look at it ,u will feel it 

Who ever it was ,they are no more move on . 

What kid of movie is ur life, action,drama,horror etc..... 

For every person i say they don't deserve me,but she was different i told her i don't deserve her ,dont love by looks ,good heart also matter 

Shayari kay sunadu tum ku,tum samaj na pai mera dil be hai ek sayari kabi suin na chaho gi ? 

One who stays in ur good and bad and worst movements , they deserve you 

My deam feels like a nightmare when u are not in it 

I wish i had left ur hand that day,i never asked him to make me forget,i wish. Sometimes some things happens for good or else u would haven't seen this post 

She: i am scared that he will take my heart.                     Friend: i dont know but he will give his life for sure. 

Dont show ur feelings to the person who ignore it rather so it them who really care - they actually dont show it openly they hide it 

Some times u really wana cry but u can't  

Its ur choice ,what u are Today 

Yes , i do have a heart that beats ,not for all. 

Life starts when any one of these gets break.          1.heart.                                        2.brain.                                        3.face.                                         We just dont realise before it 

Today its going to be grate for u get out and explore share ur smile to others 

I wish i had one chance to experience joint family  

Treat them nice, crying at their grave is too late 

I know it will be boring,i will definitely regret it ,still i did its good to be stupid sometlate 

 

Every relationship needs time.give it some time ,it will definitely end 
 
see this =https://youtu.be/KTS7g4Y7Yhg 

Nee vandal matum podum may yen anbay 

I thought i was feeling heavy,she came and thought me it was not heavy rather down and left me,now i am feeling down 

 

If u wana know someone better travel with them will less money 

I wish i had knowledge,i wish i had money,i wish this i wish that,i wish u dont wish, because life is not about taking ,life is all about what u give 

i met him yesterday , i said i am lucky to meet u sir ,he said there is no luck, its about ur choice he said ,he said people out there who are sitting behind the phone in a comfortable sofa didn't got this opportunity because they didnt try any thing out of comfort zone ,u did that's why u are here 

I care who u where than who u are now,yes something can change u too much,but ur past will make me love u 

I don’t know about others if i give u my bike to u then i genuinely trust u 

 

Can u stand? 

No, 

What if i helped u 

Then i will stand , 

(Only legends can understand) 

(He lost hope to even stand and live but she helped her to live and stand ) 

 

Dude just i wanna say sorry,i am deleting ur contact just dont reply me back just dont ,just understand that i didn’t exist in ur life 

I wear many mask never try to remove it  

When someone is in trouble where they cant say anything to anyone,but i want to listen but the problem is we don’t trust strangers 

Pir kar log hai par akala lag tha hai ,jan tha ho woh ayagi pur kab pata nai 

I will not enter in ur life but if u enter i will never leave 

If someone says something do it ,u will never know if that was their last request and if u didn’t u will never get rid of that pain 

I do remember when my crush hold my hand for first time,my mind went blank,i was freezed my puple was expanded and i droped the stone near her leg 

U can tell everything to a random stranger everything than the person u know 

Dil tuth tha hay par adath bangai,uska zulm sayhaliya kuki woh ibadath bangayi 

U came from ash and will become ash but dont let ur story to be burnt with you 

Kanavu pol vandal , kaneer vitu sendral,manadil oru matram ilai ,tadipathal manaday ilai 

She was not my first but she going to be my last, which i already lost 

I am scared that I would live without u, even one day is a nightmare without you 

 

 
